A follower following!
All it takes is practice
All the shadows in the way...
All the things I want to say...
A love hate romance when I see her dance
Break off the chains and throw them away
I can't help if things come out
I don't want to go but I know I gotta go.
I'm wondering now before it's too late
And in the clouds my head is clear
And shake off the dust that turned me to rust
And trees losing their leaves, and our faces becoming tired
And watch the world in wonder as mountains turn into tiles
Are there oceans full of things you'll never say?
Are there skylines of the cities you don't see?
Are we denying a crisis or are we scared of admitting it?
Before you know it you end up perfectly on your own
Be steady on your feet
Broken window frames colour her eyes in with black lines
But I'm willing to change for the sake of me and you.
But maybe I'll stay low
We can sit and pass the time
Can I let my mouth do the listening?
Can I let the ground do the walking?
Can I let the sky fill what's missing in?
Can I let the trees do the talking?
'Cause I could watch her dance if I've got my boots!
'Cause in your sleep it's never over when you give up
Changing but never changed!
Chaos all around! Explosions and fire!
Circle two lovers juxtapose red doorways.
Claiming but never claimed!
Come and stumble me!
Come on, let's all grow up again
Conquer a ladder then slip on a snake!
Cried 'til my river turned into a lake!
Dark out, but you still gotta light up!
Death is a charade
Don't let me go alone!
Don't let rain clouds cry at all of your parades
Don't talk about it; don't let it get you down!
Don't think too hard if you think it hurts that bad
Don't want to move an inch, let alone a million miles!
Do you see lights?
Every time you say hello
Find me at the bottom looking at the vultures
For everything under the sun, I owe you one
Forget about it, don't let it get you down!
Forgive me if I'm ever on a knee
For the breath You give
For the love You bring
Free my hands and feet and maybe I won't always fall...
Giants give you faith
Give me a disaster!
Give me a second go!
Give me emergency!
Have you seen the queen of the castle?
Hold my hand to keep me steady
How come I can never get the right words I need to convey?
How can you love me when I am ugly?
How far will I fall 'til the alarm sounds?
How I know your face like the back of my hand
How many coffins before there's a crown?
How many times can my hands hit the ground?
How many times will the clock go around?
How we lost hold of home, I guess I'll never know.
I always get it better right afterwards
I can't follow the way she moves
I can't see past the shadows
I could wait a thousand hours
I'd give, I'd bend, let's play pretend
I don't want to know
I feel bright when you stand near
I feel found when you stand near
If the air was meant to be glitter
If you don't believe me, if you don't like my plans
I just want to be so much
I just want to feel alive!
I just want to feel alright
I just want to run to you
I know what I am when you are here!
I know where I am when you are here!
I like it here beside you dear
I'll be okay, if you're okay
I'll be the one to keep you!
I'll be the one to keep you one disaster less!
I'm a bit of a manic when it's not as I plan it
I'm just trying to get us on the same page
I'm learning how to get up off my knees
I'm looking for the blackness
I'm looking for the thunder
I'm not the hunter, I'm not the marked
I'm not yours
I'm the one, there's not too many
I never really ever know what to say
Into the sea! Into the sea.
Is mathematics keeping you from thinking free?
I start losing my head and then I get up in a panic
Is there music muted playing underneath?
It gets like a prison in the body I'm living in
It must just be stress but I likely shouldn't be here!
It really makes you brave, but I do it all the time
I try to think of how
It's late and I am tired!
It's not going to be long before we're all gone
It's only one part of the story
It won't ever change if you want it to stay the same
It would be nice to start over again before we were men
I've got my boots
I want to know where you're going!
I wish I could discover something that doesn't expire!
Just let it go; don't let it bring you down now
Just looking for wisdom in the dark.
Just staring at the sky
Just to be quiet
Just to be quiet with you
Kiss me if you're mad at mommy
Lead me, river, like a mother!
Let it all run down
Let's play pretend
Let the other side of darkness kiss your face
Lions make you brave
Look at the people all around you!
Love me even if I'm a mess
Love me even if I'm a mess! Take me as I am bad or best!
My arms get cold in February air!
My life would probably be
No fighting wars, no ringing chimes.
No matter the trouble you meet
No matter the weather there's never a break!
No tragedy, no poetry
Now I'll never be the same.
Now is not the time and you're not alone
Now the road is a mine field
Oh, it's a love hate romance!
Once in a while, I act like a child
One to five I'm half alive!
Out across cities, I see buildings burn into piles.
Owe You everything!
Pick apart a hundred flowers
Play the music loud, go make a sound
Please don't lose hold of me out there!
Please excuse me. I'm not thinking clear.
Put me in the undertow.
Reasons I'll never know
Remember the times we had soda for wine?
Say that you're with me
Say you know my face like the back of your hand
Seems like the more you grow, the more time you spend alone
Seems somebody burned up the signs
Seems somebody put out the moon
Show me how a heart breaks
Show me how your bones shake!
Show me to the shipwreck!
Sing the last thing on your mind!
Sitting by a broken tree
Six to nine I'm out of line.
Slow it all down, the damage is done
So here's my heart and here's my mouth
Something in the way she comes gliding
Sooner than later, I'll need a savior!
So talk to me and make me feel fine! I hope you can all the time
Standing in the heart of the disease
Stand me at the head of the crusade without a remedy!
Stand me up and maybe I won't be so small!
Stay the same in sun and showers
Straighten up your tie, take the microphone
Such are the things that make a kingdom rumble and shatter
Take me as I am bad or best
Take me over to some other unknown!
Take me river; carry me far!
Tell me when you feel ready
Ten to twelve I'm not myself, by the millionth time I cry.
The car will get us there so you don't have to wait.
The city's shining bright, but you don't see the light!
The last word on your breath!
The night is deafening when the silence is listening
The place is flying high but right now I want to be low
There's no explanation or forewarning
The same dynamic that another day would never matter
The sun is always going to rise up
The times you don't want to wake up
The way you feel is something everybody goes through.
The worst they could do to you was check your attitude
Things that don't make sense are always a little deceiving
This is where we're supposed to be
Turn your shadows white!
We learn to talk it over 'til it's smooth
We're just feeling fine.
We walk the city
What you've given me is more than I can say!
When fights were for fun, we had water in guns
When I'm at the edge of sorrow's blade...
When I'm in the summer I forget how much I love her
When she comes, you'll ask her to stay!
When she swings, she's a heavy hitter!
When you're gone, will I lose control?
Where there's no borders, there are no lines!
Who will drive my soul?
Winter left a cover that I'm gonna end up under
Wish I could spark a smile.
With out you I would feel so unhappy
You don't have to feel safe to feel unafraid
You make the darkness disappear!
You make the street lights reappear!
You might know if you're from around here
You need to wake up, gotta keep your face up!
You pulled me from the grave and stood me on a hill
You're even more than you appear
You're my cause to live
You're the minus to my plus
You're the minus to my plus when it's just the two of us
You're the only road I know!
You saw me at the worst, You caught me falling first!
You show me where to go!
You took me off the ground and lifted me higher!
I've come to realize that you've made up too many excuses
and I've come to see that I'm in this alone
You were only there when you wanted and I'm delirious
I'm at my wits end, and you're ignorant to refuse it
I don't understand why I'm in this alone.
Where's your heart in this matter?
Black turns gray; ahead, ahead...
I played my part, if it matters
It's clear that I care too much today.
I care too much today
Cheap words falling out of your teeth
He heard, she heard, you heard me once
With a love gone sour
I've lost my appetite
there's no more flavor
In talking sweet, now fix it somehow
Don't Casanova me
I'm over you; it's over obviously
Don't put your sugar on me!
It's too late to sweeten this baby
Hey Casanova, it's over!
Year of the Cure!
Are we all radicals painting our own lines?
Not at all practical, wasting our time?
Always going, never knowing
Give us a place to go where we can be found.
We're out of time to keep being lied to.
We all need to find a dream
We all dream about love
Cause these are the things we know for sure
To live without love is not what we're for
We'll make it the year we find the cure
So here we go heart and soul
Ready to burn down
I know I'm not ready to go home
No not when there's work to be done
I never meant to wither, I wanted to be tall
Like a fool, I left the river and watched my branches fall
Old and thirsty, I longed for the flood to come back around
To the cactus in the valley that’s about to crumble down
Wipe the mark of sadness from my face!
Show me that Your love will never change!
If my yesterday’s a disgrace, tell me that You still recall my name.
So the storm finally found me and left me in the dark
In the cloud around me, I don’t know where You are
If this whole world goes up in arms, all I can do is stand
And I won’t fight for anyone until You move my hand
Wipe the mark of madness from my face!
Here in the shadow, here I am.
It becomes so hard to stand and I keep trying to dry my eyes
Come and find me in the valley...
Tell me that You still recall my name.
Maybe I don't say all the right things
Maybe I stumble on my words
Maybe I laugh at the wrong times
Maybe I mumble and I curse
The last thing I want is to let you down
'Cause all I want is to make you proud!
But I'm perfect for you.
I can't explain just why I'm acting this way!
I can't control it, so I go with it.
I'm just a girl; I won't be changing the world.
And boy you know that I'm not perfect.
I know I don't make all the best moves
And I know sometimes I get weak
I know I've got nothing to prove
Baby, that's what you love about me
The best I can do is to be myself
When you're in the room, my head is clear
And you'll make a world just disappear
Open up your eyes and see
Save me from the horror!
I've been reading all the wrong books
Filled my hair with the wrong scenes
I'd like to make myself believe
Because my dreams are bursting at the seams
if you can beat Elamind at this, you're a ninja
